Just sum up the whole article.
Got it.
I find the answers in all that.
It’s more than just the answers.
I’m with it; I’m all about study.
Which do you remember
more from our studies,
the answers
or the things that touch your heart?
Mm.
Yeah, like, when we talked about immorality,
you knew the answer,
but you didn’t seem
totally convinced in here.
Let’s try and find that answer.
Chapter 6?
Mm-hm.
“But whoever practices sexual immorality
is sinning against his own body.”
I’m not sure why,
but it made me think of Mum and Dad
(his constant cheating, actually),
Mum’s humiliation,
the divorce, all the misery.
I didn’t want that.
I began to realize
how right Jehovah is
because of what Neeta called meditation.
It’s not about clearing your mind
to find inner peace;
it’s totally different.
It’s asking how Jehovah feels about something
and then asking what that means for me.
Yeah,
a sister died in that attack;
it was really sad.
So that’s “time and unexpected events”?
Well, it’s one of those cases where . . .
What about when someone survives
because they’re at the meeting?
That’s, um—
I don’t get it.
Straight answer
—Does Jehovah protect Witnesses or not?
It’s funny.
My meeting part tonight covers that point.
Why don’t you come?
You’re really pushing those meetings,
aren’t you?
What time?
I couldn’t believe I missed her part,
but it wasn’t a total loss.
Neeta had said,
“At the Hall, everyone loves one another.”
But until I’d felt it,
I had no idea.
I told her I’d be back.
“Do not be misled.
Bad associations spoil useful habits.”
OK, but what are good associations?
Well, we have wholesome gatherings
with our brothers and sisters
from the congregation,
and we eat and talk.
And some like to play musical instruments,
and they’ll do
renditions of original songs.
And we have a really nice time.
Yeah, I don’t do that.
It’s not boring.
Sure it’s not.
Well, what do you do?
Yeah, you wouldn’t do that.
It’s not exactly wholesome.
But you have to have fun, right?
True, and we do.
See for yourself.
I’m having some people over this weekend.
Why don’t you come?
It wasn’t the club,
but it was still fun.
Neeta and I talked about it.
Part of me felt a bit scared,
part a bit crazy.
Me knocking on doors?
But I knew this was the right thing to do.
‘A minister should also be free
from all nonmedical use
of addictive or mind-altering substances.’
Nonmedical?
But taking something
when I’m feeling a little stressed,
like maybe, I don’t know, a little weed
—that’s OK, right?
And it’s for the stress.
I guess I didn’t quite understand
what “medical” meant.
So will we see you during the week?
Thank you, Jade.
We’ll be back.
You can guess
what our next few studies were about.
“And you should continue to be made new
in your dominant mental attitude.”
Knowing it was wrong was easy.
Figuring out how to cope without it wasn’t.
Beating it felt impossible.
Being free of it to serve Jehovah
felt amazing!
But, Mum, listen.
No, Jade, you listen!
Isn’t this just another one of your phases?
It’s time to move on, Love.
The holidays are our time.
It’s all I get from you.
Promise me you’ll be here.
Promise!
I really don’t want to disappoint her,
but I can’t disappoint Jehovah.
Of course!
You love them both.
Don’t you think he can help you?
Talk to him.
I spent a long time
pouring out my heart to him.
And I remembered
something from one of the Psalms:
“I will walk in your truth.
Unify my heart to fear your name.”
Yo, so tell me.
I remember someone once claiming
to be “all about the promises.”
Made any good ones lately?
Absolutely.